Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Goddamn it. Evans!
Be careful.
Sorry. Top.
It's these damn roads.
It's fucking pea soup out there.
Didn't you. um. tell me
you was a professional
truck driver in Chicago?
Detroit. First
Sergeant. and yeah.
Well. then why don't
you quit your yapping
and let's get these
resupplies to Schoenberg
and we'd be done?
Yeah. Top.
Done would be real nice.
Everybody's saying we
could be home by Christmas.
What the fuck are you
talking about. Evans?
These bastards just broke
through our front line
like an ax through butter.
and they planned in
the worst weather
so we couldn't get air support.
They ain't stupid.
And it's dangerous
thinking it's over.
It ain't goddamn over.
and I don't know if
it'll ever be over.
Just keep driving. Evans.
We gotta be there by 0800.
God!
Fuck!
We gotta get outta here.
Let me check on it.
Stop. stop. stop!
Evans. it's not gonna work.
Fuck.
We're stuck. guys.
Lancaster. help me
with this winch.
What's going on. First Sergeant.
On it. Top.
- What's that. Sarge?
- Don't move.
Be careful.
Fire!
Go. Let's finish this.
What was the name
of the Black American in Berlin?
Jesse Owens.
They all look the same.
But they don't all run the same.
We're 10 hours late. Let's go.
- Let's go.
- I hate Lucky Strikes.
-Shut your mouth. Faster!
-Yes. sir.
Let Schmidt lie there.
We don't have time for him.
Yes. sir.
I said get in!
Mrs. Caldwell?
Yes.
Hi. My name's John Castle.
I'm a colonel in the
United States Army.
I got your name
and address from Galvin.
Yes. what can I do for you?
Well. I'm here to talk about
your pension plan. ma'am.
Do you work with Galvin?
I-- I do.
But. ma'am. I promise this--
This won't take long.
99th Infantry.
99th Division.
324th Engineers.
Hmm.
Battle of the Bulge.
-That's correct.
-Hmm.
Yeah. my son...
My son was there too. 761st.
It's quite a unit. I heard.
-They. uh...
-Colonel Castle.
you said you worked for Galvin?
With them. not for them.
Well. my lawyer says that
I'm not supposed to be talking
to anybody that
works with Galvin.
Is that coffee
that I smell. ma'am?
Yeah. I just...
I just put on some.
Would you like some?
Like my life depends on it.
I can't believe
Galvin Industries
has given away my
whereabouts like that.
Well...
there was a lot of persuasion
and a little sweet talk.
I assure you.
it didn't come easy. ma'am.
They're a very
serious corporation.
Very. very serious
people over there.
Oh. I know that for sure.
They're very serious...
about not paying me my pension.
Thank you.
-That's why I'm here. ma'am.
-Is that right?
Yes. ma'am.
Well. I have been
threatening them for years.
Mm.
They know that I don't have
the money to take them to court.
Are you some kind
of army lawyer?
No. no.
But I know some of the
folks over at Galvin.
and I do know that they
hold you in high regard.
- Me?
- MM-HMM.
Really?
Top of the line employee.
Yeah. that's what they said.
top of the line employee.
their words right
there on your file.
Not that I need anyone
to tell me though.
I know.
-You know?
-Hmm.
Firsthand.
You don't mind. do you?
Old habit.
Help yourself.
Cheers.
- Hey. you two.
- K-rat's on the truck. let's go.
Miller. what the fuck
are you doing here?
Hey. you heard him.
move that shit out.
- All right. I'll--
- Hurry the fuck up.
Hey. Ram. I might need
your help with this.
-Top.
-Sir.
- How much time do we have?
- Get this shit out.
Like 30 minutes. sir.
Anybody seen Miller?
- Cash.
- Cash!
- Sir.
- Get over here.
- Anybody seen Miller?
-Yes. sir.
-We're gonna get you treated.
You're going back
with the colonel.
and then probably
on a steamer home
with that million-dollar wound.
Congratulations.
To hell with that. sir.
We're nowhere near done here.
Well. you are.
This is a horrible time
to leave. sir.
-The company needs me.
-Yeah.
Well. I guess we'll just have
to win the war without you then.
-Probably faster. actually.
-Yeah. Cash.
You're the unit egg ball anyway.
Remind me who you
are again. green boy.
And you burn
the Lucky Strike logo first.
Yeah. yeah. all right.
Sir.
Captain Castle.
everybody knows that you
qualified for deferment.
You got a point to make?
I do.
I mean. here you are. Captain.
Mm... Right. truth. justice.
and the American way.
Exactly. we're both
here to do our part.
Right.
You lost three fingers. Cash.
so you're going to the hospital.
and the goddamn colonel's
driver is gonna take you there.
Feel honored.
-Yes. sir.
-Good morning. sir.
Let's get inside.
It's so cold. I think my nuts
fell off two miles back.
Yeah. you're telling me.
Uh...
What's Charlie Company's status?
We have full sections
and individual engineers
mining and blowing up bridges
where they can.
I also got some guys
on the front line.
Other than that.
we're pretty much ready to roll.
All right. well.
we got Able and Baker
already out there
with their M1s.
so I'm counting
on Charlie Company.
Okay. guys. get the maps out.
Hey. Ram. grab our maps.
Moving. Top.
- Here you are. sir.
- If there's one thing
the Krauts are good at.
it's making noise.
Yeah.
All right. Aventi.
turn Lassie off.
Yes. sir.
All right.
no time for small talk.
This road here
between Lanzerath and Elsenborn.
now that's about what. five
miles from here would you say?
Seems right. sir.
I know it. sir. Yeah.
it's a little under that maybe.
Okay. well. we need you
to block that road this morning.
All right?
German counteroffensive
has been going on for
three days. and it is massive.
Hitler's probably jacking off
because he's running the same
game plan in the Ardennes
that he ran four years ago.
and it's working. again.
But we're not gonna
let the Fuhrer
have the glory. all right?
We're gonna stop
these bastards down
and make sure they get
nowhere near our fuel depots.
There's one more thing.
It's the 1st SS Panzer-Division
coming down that road.
Damn.
Used to be Hitler's bodyguards.
The worst of the worst.
You boys have never fought
anything like them. all right?
No one in the 99th has.
I can promise you that.
Right. now. these guys.
they are not...
They're not soldiers. all right?
They're fucking murderers.
Just two days ago. some soldiers
from the 285th surrendered.
threw down their weapons.
put their arms up.
and the SS lined them up
and mowed 'em down
right there on the
spot just like that.
Jesus.
And that has been
happening nonstop.
So when it comes to the SS.
there are no rules.
There is no international law.
You get the chance.
you take these fuckers out.
- Am I understood?
- Yes. sir.
And these monsters. they
actually brand themselves
with a tattoo
up under their arms.
Imagine giving yourself
the mark of the devil.
We'll get this road
cut off. sir.
I will supervise it personally.
How much time do you need?
Thirty minutes
to get us there. sir.
and then I'd say about two hours
to set it up. give or take.
I'm taking.
Okay.
Okay. all right.
Fantastic.
Let's get it done. boys.
Let's see what you can do.
Yes. sir.
Cash. where are you?
Sir.
All right. grab your gear.
You're coming with me.
I'm taking you
to the field hospital.
Thank you. sir.
but I think I--
Cash. no buts.
Get your ass in the fucking jeep
like the CO told you to.
God's sake. all right?
You can't even hold your
own dick to take a piss.
Grab your shit.
let's go. all right?
Take this order!
- Come on. go!
- Yes. sir.
All right. boys.
we need about
a hundred blocks of...
All right. by the time
you guys are done.
the battalion
will have cleared out.
So we'll keep
the frequencies open
so you'll know where to rejoin.
-You got it. sir.
-All right. and remember.
our sons of bitches are better
than their sons of bitches.
- Right.
- Aventi.
make sure we have extra
batteries for Lassie.
Good luck. sir.
All right. boys. we gotta
load up that deuce and a half.
Let's go. fast. fast. fast.
Murph.
- Sir.
- How much TNT we have left?
We've got about
a hundred pounds.
But we got plenty.
-All right. load it up.
-Yes. sir.
Let's go. let's go. let's go.
- Come on. come on. come on.
- Coming.
Miller. get that stuff
on the truck right now.
- Get it up here.
- Come on. come on. come on.
-We're good to go. sir.
-Fucking cold.
Let's go.
Look out for them mines.
Dauntless 06. Romeo.
Dauntless 06.
This is Derrick 06. Romeo.
Do you...?
Hey. Miller.
you and me are on mines.
I'm gonna fuse 'em.
You check 'em and pack 'em.
Aventi.
how's that radio check?
I'm working on it.
-Murph!
-Murphy!
I'm sorry. sir.
You do realize we have
400 pounds of explosives
back there. right. Murph?
At least those guys
will go before we do. sir.
Good to know you're always
looking out for the guys.
Call the captain.
If it's not up and ready.
he's gonna kill me.
Hey. Top. you ever actually set
one of these things up before?
Somehow you fumble fucks
make it here
calling yourselves engineers.
I don't even know what these
types of mines are made of.
Sulfuric acid. and nitric acid.
and dimethyline.
It has a molar mass of 287. Top.
Sir. you mind if I ask
you a personal question?
Sure. why not?
I heard you and Cash talking.
Is it true. you were an
agricultural engineer back home?
Yeah.
So you were like fixing
irrigation systems and all that?
Yeah. that's right.
So you qualified
for an exemption.
Yes. I did.
So how did your wife feel
with you signing up?
Okay. Murph.
this interview is over.
Just keep your eyes
on the road. okay?
Sorry. sir.
Derrick 06. roger.
This is Dauntless 06. roger.
I have you loud and clear.
How do you read me. over?
Loud and clear. over.
Roger. Derrick 06.
Good luck out there.
No mercy.
Stop these assholes cold.
06 out.
We got 'em. guys. we got 'em.
You got a photo
of your wife. sir?
I bet she's a looker.
I'm not showing you or anyone
else a photo of my wife.
We all know how that goes.
We can't be there
already. can we?
Oh. shit.
-What?
-Not now. man.
It's the damn fuel pump again.
Fuck.
Come on. baby. come on.
Fuck!
You didn't handle
this in the rear?
The engine's flooded again. sir.
How long?
It'll need like an hour.
-An hour?
-I'm sorry. sir. I'm sorry.
Fuck.
All right.
it's okay. it's okay.
We're on foot. Let's go.
- We're getting out. sir?
- Yep.
- Shut the fuck up.
- I'll find out.
- Top.
- Sir.
Flooded.
Fuck. flooded again.
All right.
Look's like this trip's over.
All right. sir.
Let's go. boys. let's go.
Reminiscing about the beaches
of Puerto Rico. Ram?
I'm from the Upper
West side. Miller.
I'll take a New York winter
over this shit any day.
You guys think that's bad?
Imagine how those poor bastards
felt in Stalingrad.
Yeah. it was so cold there.
the guys' bowels were exploding
when they tried to take a dump.
- Hey. Cap.
- Yeah. what is it?
If I die from taking a shit.
don't put that
in the letter to my mom.
- You got a deal. AV.
- Oh. don't worry. Aventi.
I'll be writing your letter.
It's gonna be a real beaut.
All right. guys.
let's move it on out.
- Aventi.
- Yeah.
No shame
in passing Lassie off.
I'm good. sir.
- I think this is it. sir. yeah.
- Okay.
Let's get it started
with these six trees right here.
Got it.
Jesus Christ. what the fuck?
88s. boys.
brought out the big eggs.
Yeah. and a goddamn
Macy's parade
of Panzer's coming down this
road. so let's get it blocked.
Oh. shit!
Let's get it done quickly.
- All right. Ram. that tree.
- Already on it. Top.
Murph. start unpacking
this shit.
Aventi. Miller. that tree.
- Let's go.
- Got it.
- Come on boys.
- Miller. Aventi. here.
Top. I need those
wires run here now.
Murph. you almost done
with those mines?
On it.
Okay. Murph.
this one's gonna be 18.
Yes. sir.
And how are you guys
doing on that abatis?
-Almost done. sir.
-Actually. sir. it's abatie.
Actually it's abatee.
dumbass.
It's French.
Hey. Murph. bring that det cord.
Yeah. I got it.
- Fuck. fuck!
- Snipers!
- Murph!
- What the fuck?
- Murphy!
- Stay back.
Murph! Murph!
Murph!
-Stay back.
-Fuck. fuck!
Get down! Get down. Aventi!
- Where's he hit at?
- We can't leave him here!
Miller. get down!
Damn it!
Fuck!
I see 'em. sir. 9 o'clock.
300 meters.
Yeah. I see 'em. sir.
It sounds like an MG34.
Okay. we're gonna have
to take this bastard out.
Ramirez!
-Yes. sir.
-You're on me.
Ready when you are. sir.
-Hey. sir. let me go.
-No. no.
I need you to finish this.
We'll let you know
when we're clear.
- Ready?
- Moving.
- All right. go!
- Got you covered. sir.
- We've got you guys.
- Move. move. move!
There's two.
Yeah. got it.
You good. Cap?
Yeah. I'm good.
Ram.
On three.
One. Two.
Grenade!
That was fucking
beautiful. sir.
All clear. all clear!
Just make sure these
Kraut fucks are dead.
Whoa. easy on the ammo.
Just get in there.
I don't care what
they say about you. sir.
You're all right.
Yeah. just check 'em out.
Kraut piece of shit.
What?
Shut the fuck up.
What the fuck is he saying. sir?
He wants you to finish him.
I'll oblige.
What the fuck is this?
Grenade!
- Sir. get back!
- No!
No. no!
Fuck!
Oh. shit.
Come on. get out of there.
- Come on. come on.
- Hide. hide. guys.
Shit.
Come on.
Oh. come on.
Come on. guys.
Okay. okay. okay.
Come on. come on.
Shit!
Oh. fuck.
Son of a bitch.
Ah!
Shit.
Come on.
Come on. please. please.
Derrick 06. Derrick 06.
Are you still with us?
Derrick 06. over.
Dauntless 06.
This is Derrick 06. over.
Any Dauntless?
Dauntless.
this is Derrick 06. over.
Derrick 06.
this is Dauntless 06. roger.
Send status. over.
Roger. Dauntless.
Mission accomplished.
Current situation. five KIA.
I'm WIA.
Vehicle's hard broke.
I need some help. over.
Roger. Derrick. understood.
Send position. over.
06 Derrick. grid as follows.
Able. fox. two. seven. five.
eight. niner. two. over.
There's a hell of a lot of heat
between you and us.
You need to get to rally point
Elsenborn on your own.
No. Copy. Dauntless. wait.
Wait one.
06. roger. this is Derrick.
It's-- That's too big of a hike.
I'm walking but confirm
there's no closer stragglers
I can move to. over.
I don't know
who we have down there
but we can't
deal with this now.
We're under intense
artillery fire.
Um...
Dauntless 06.
I say again. we have five KIA.
I get it. I'm sorry.
Come up on comms
top of every hour
and use SOI encoding
in the future.
Keep your radio battery alive.
It's your lifeline now.
Out.
I'm gonna make it.
Come on.
American.
American. American.
American?
America. please.
Okay.
Hmm.
Uh-huh. Merci.
Okay.
Mm-hm. Yeah. yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh.
Yeah.
Come on.
I don't-- I don't understand.
Rabbit.
Food.
-Rabbit.
-Yeah.
Yeah. yeah. I'm hungry. yeah.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Oh.
Merci.
Yeah.
I know. it's scary. right?
It's scary. yeah.
-This... House.
-Mm-hmm.
On the map.
Ah.
Uh...
Ici.
-Here. Asi?
-Ici.
-Esi?
-Oui.
Okay. thank you.
All right.
All right. come on. Lassie.
Come on. girl.
Dauntless 06. over.
Dauntless--
Any station on this net. over.
Mama.
Mama!
Dauntless 06.
this is Derrick 06. over.
Goddamn it.
Ah. yeah.
Fuel depot.
Fuel.
Ja.
Fuel depot!
Amerikanisch fuel depot.
Fuel.
Mama?
No.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
Come on. we gotta go.
we gotta go.
Get down there.
You'll be okay.
Oh. shit.
No.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Oh. shit.
Come on. come on.
Let's get out of this.
Okay.
Ah. shit.
Ah.
Shit.
Come on.
Come on. John.
Keep digging.
Come on. come on.
Come on.
Fuck.
Come on. come on.
Shit!
Come on.
Come on down right.
Come on. come on.
Come on. you damn dog.
Turn back. come on.
Come on.
Oh. man.
I am not dying
in this Kraut machine!
Piece of shit.
Come on. come on.
Come on.
Oh. God.
Come on. God.
If you're not
helping the Yankees.
again. please.
please get me out of this...
Oh. ah.
Thank you.
Oh.
Ah!
Fuckers.
Hello?
Ah!
Hey.
Hi. Hey.
Are you okay?
That's a stupid question.
Of course you're not okay.
Yeah.
Look. uh...
The Americans are coming. okay?
They'll. uh...
They'll help you.
Okay. okay.
Come on. John.
I'm sorry.
I should have come out faster.
You keep that
for protection. okay?
And. uh. don't tell
anybody about that
or they'll court-martial me.
Come on. John.
Come on.
Come on. come on.
Dauntless. my current position
is Oboe. William. Peter.
Oboe. William. Roger. Sugar.
Okay. looks like
you still have
a big trek up here.
Maybe...
The Krauts are all over.
I say...
We cannot get to you.
You made that clear last time.
Uh...
I got the SS
crawling all over me.
Please advise.
Look. we're trying to hold
our fucking position here.
Derrick.
All hell's coming down.
Stay in the same vector.
I'm out.
Goddamn it.
Ah!
What the hell?
Any station?
Any station on this net?
This is Derrick 06.
Any Dauntless. over?
Dauntless. how you holding up?
- Dauntless. I--
- I steered clear of Bellingen.
I think. uh. I'm back on track.
traveling north by northwest
to rally point.
They're surrounding
our southern side.
which means you're
behind enemy lines.
They're pounding us.
Find shelter.
No. negative. Dauntless.
There is no shelter.
I need to keep moving.
I'll take my chances
to get to you.
Just be careful.
1st SS is gonna unload
everything they have.
Good luck.
Oh. my God.
Oh.
Jesus.
Oh. hey.
Hey.
Hey. hey.
Are you okay?
Oh. man.
Other than being shot twice.
All right. Sergeant.
Yeah.
Hey. what's your name?
Maren.
Maren. that's your first name?
Pierce.
Pierce. Pierce.
The truck work?
-Yeah. but it's stuck.
-It's stuck.
Okay.
Okay. okay.
Look. I'm gonna...
I'm gonna get this
thing unstuck. okay?
-Any water?
-Water?
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. sorry.
Yeah. of course.
Here.
Come on. come on.
Come on. here.
Yeah. there you go.
Oh. shit.
Okay.
Oh. man. I need
a rope or something
to get this out of here.
Shit.
-You gotta use the winch.
-Winch.
Oh. there's a winch. good.
Okay. good call.
Okay. I'm gonna get this thing.
Come on. man. you need
to talk to me. okay?
Pierce. you talk to me. okay?
Fuck.
So where are you from?
Bridgeport.
Ah. Connecticut.
Never been.
I hear it's...
I hear it's nice there.
Is that true?
Yeah. I think you'd like it.
Pierce. Pierce.
Come on.
Come on. pal. stay with me.
How long you been out here. huh?
Long time.
All right. long time.
All right. all right.
Tell me. are you
ready to go home?
Shit!
Stop. please.
Stop.
Please. God.
Help. please.
Take me home.
Hunter.
Hey. stop! Fido quiet. hey!
Quiet. hey. American.
Who are you?
Captain Castle.
324th engineers.
Sergeant Bellingham.
sir. 14th--
- Agh!
- Ooh. ooh.
I got you. I got you.
Here. let me help you
with your radio.
AH. yeah. yeah.
You okay?
Looks like you
took some shrapnel.
Yeah.
Geez. what happened here?
Our willy's...
Willy's got mortared. I think.
I don't really remember
what happened.
What was that hell show anyway?
Oh. I don't know.
Yeah.
That looks pretty severe. sir.
We should--
We should get you sitting down.
I got you. sir.
So...
where were you
headed before this?
I need to get
to the 99th Division command
and get a package
to the commander.
General Lauer?
-Yes. sir.
-Yeah.
Okay.
I don't know their
position now. do you?
No. I don't.
I'm only in contact
with battalion. not division.
You have a priority
frequency for him?
If you do. we could--
We could try him.
It's above my pay grade.
Right.
We'll try the 324th then.
That'd be great.
I have to courier
these reports on them.
Yeah. Yeah. you said that.
Progress of the Third Army.
What. Patton's not allowing
scrambled lines
between armies now?
I can't see anything.
Can you turn that on--
On for me?
Let's see if it even works.
Patton. huh?
Great general.
Huge pain in the ass.
Yes.
Thanks.
What about you. sir?
What are you doing out here?
You. uh...
You get separated from your unit
or something like that?
Yeah.
Yeah. something like that.
Are you hungry. sir?
- It's tuna loaf.
- Oh. thanks.
Oh. good boy.
Good boy.
Nice trophy.
You got a Luger.
I've been trying to find one
of those since I got here.
Oh. yeah. yeah.
I just gotta find that station.
- Oh. come on. old girl.
- Come on. please.
I got nothing.
I think the battery's
still alive.
Do you mind. sir?
Yeah. she's pretty beat up.
You a-- You a radio guy?
Let me see.
Lassie. huh?
Yeah. yeah. man.
Our radio operator
named her that.
Seemed fitting how reliable
she's been till now.
Yeah. I'm more of
a Rin Tin Tin man myself.
She may be reliable after all.
How about that?
Yeah.
-Oh. good work. knew it.
-She's receiving.
-Good work.
-Yeah.
Okay.
Oh. shit. sir.
You're bleeding out.
Yeah. I know.
-That's not good.
-Mm-mm.
Let's just focus on
getting out-- Out of here.
Yeah. you have a point guy
at the 99th?
No. no. no. no.
I was supposed to report
to HQ directly.
I have the sealed positions
maps with me. but I don't...
I don't know shit besides that.
Oh. any station?
Any station on this net?
Any station.
This is Derrick 06. over.
Yeah.
Nobody's home.
Krauts.
-They love to fight at night.
-Yeah. they can't...
They can't wait to...
To die for their fatherland.
That's true.
I'll tell you why.
Because they don't have
much to live for.
Yeah. sorry.
Yeah. thank you. sir.
Like. when you say they
don't have much to live for.
I mean. from their point
of view. I don't know.
Hitler's given them
a hell of an economy.
He gave them the Olympics.
And if I'm being honest.
every country has its...
undesirables.
I mean. look at what
we did to the Indians.
Look. don't get me wrong. okay?
Hitler's a-- A monster.
He's a vile beast.
But when we don't
understand them
and we don't understand
what drives them.
then we underestimate them too.
Mm-hmm.
Derrick 06. Derrick 06.
do you copy. over?
Copy. copy. copy.
This is Derrick 06 actual.
Derrick.
we've secured Elsenborn.
We're trying to release
some assets to get to you.
Any idea where you
are at all. over?
Yeah. hold on. hold on.
Okay.
Now. listen. I think
we're on the south side of...
Hittenberg maybe.
Roger. Did you say we?
Are you with somebody. over?
Yeah. Yeah. I got a...
What is it--? What is it?
Bellingham. Belling...
I got a Sergeant Bellingham here
who's assigned to deliver maps
to the 99th HQ.
You got a position for him?
Okay. let me check
on that. over.
Copy. this way. Copy.
So where are you from. huh?
Milwaukee.
Does that make you a Cubs
or a White Sox guy?
No. no. no. I'm not a.
not a big baseball guy.
So football then?
-Definitely. yeah.
-Yeah.
Yeah. that's my game.
Naval-Army game is like
a national holiday
in my household.
We gather around the radio and
listen to the game every year.
-How long you been in?
-God. I lost track of that.
They had me down in Africa
driving tanks...
until someone spilled the beans
and told 'em
I was a engineer back home.
Now I'm up here
blowing up bridges.
You got a girl back home?
No.
No. I got my dear John
two weeks into basic.
Yeah.
How about you?
Kids?
Yeah.
Yeah. one. my son. Hunter.
Looks like you'll
be seeing him soon.
Yeah. that's the plan.
My wife lost her brother
at Midway. so I better get home.
Oh. you will. sir.
We're gonna get you back.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna take care of business.
I'll be back.
LUCKY STRIKE
Uh...
Uh... Who'd you say you take
again in the Naval-Army?
What?
Derrick 06. do you copy?
Yeah.
Yeah. copy. copy.
Okay. prepare to write down.
Yeah. go ahead.
SOI. Baker. Charlie. x-ray.
yoke. love. able.
tare.
uncle.
Over.
Yeah.
Copy.
Hey. do me a favor.
Tell the guys...
Tell the guys
to step on it. okay?
I'm in bad shape.
- Godspeed to you.
- Captain Castle.
Out.
Godspeed.
Here. Here's the info.
-That's the position of HQ.
-Thank you. sir.
You don't know what
you're looking at. do you?
Like I said.
it's above my pay grade.
It's an SOI encoding.
SOI. Signal Operating
Instructions.
But you wouldn't know that.
Sir.
Please put the weapon down.
You mean my-- My trophy?
Sir.
You've been badly injured. okay?
-You're not thinking straight.
-Shut up!
No one-- No one taught you
how to light up a Lucky
the right way. did they?
-Please. sir.
-You see. we do this
so we don't leave breadcrumbs
for you assholes.
Please. sir.
Next time.
think of that. fucker.
They warned us about
scumbags like you.
born in America.
yet killing Americans.
You think because I smoke
a cigarette a different way
that I'm a Nazi sympathizer?
Not a sympathizer. a Nazi!
I told you I'm not SS.
I'm a fucking American.
Oh. yeah. really?
-Yes. sir. I'm--
-Show me.
Show me you don't have a SS
tattoo underneath your arm.
- Derrick 06.
- Derrick. copy. over?
Two left.
Derrick 06.
this is Dublin 06 Rider.
Over.
Derrick 06. Derrick 06.
do you copy? Over.
Where's Lassie?
Are you okay. sir?
Can you hear me?
- Where--? Where--? Where--?
- Where are we?
You're doing great. sir. We're
almost at the field hospital.
Where's the radio?
Right here. sir.
I'll be back shortly.
Captain Castle?
Yes. sir.
he's right over there.
Good afternoon. Captain
Good to have you still with us.
Sir.
At ease. son.
Relax.
I'm General Lauer.
Nice to meet you. sir.
From what we've been
able to ascertain.
you've really been through it.
Left a lot of dead Nazis
in your wake.
And that abatis you created
stopped them in their tracks
and bought us some
precious hours.
Yeah.
But that final position
you ended up in--
I don't even...
remember or know
what happened. really.
Those goddamn Krauts
blew the hell out of that place
because they were
trying to create
a path for themselves
to Elsenborn.
It's just your bad luck
you were there.
I want you to know
we're putting you in
for the Silver Star captain.
You damn well deserve it.
Oh. I...
What about the. uh...?
The soldier.
the guy where you found me?
Yes. he was SS
posing as an American.
He's dead.
You got him.
And our intel tells us
that they were trying to find
the location of General Lauer.
so you were right
in shooting the bastard.
Right.
How did you know. by the way?
Oh. he. uh...
He said some wrong things.
And he didn't burn
the brand off his Luckies.
Sin number one.
Well. three cheers
for shitty German training.
You look like you could
use a bit more rest.
so see you soon.
Sir. I-- I don't...
All my men are dead.
Yes. I know.
and I'm very sorry.
Yeah. I just don't think
that I deserve
any kind of medal.
Luckily. that's not
for you to decide.
Well. with all
due respect. sir.
I just gotta say no. thank you.
I'm an officer
and keeping my men safe that...
That's my job.
and I failed that.
That's really what you think.
that your job
is to keep your men alive?
Yes. sir.
Well. that's. uh...
That's a crock of shit. son.
Soldiers die in war.
Your job is not
to keep your men alive.
Your job is to keep
my mother alive.
your mother alive.
Your job is to keep
all our children alive.
So...
with all due respect. Captain.
you can take your no thanks
and you can shove it
up your ass.
A bit of a miracle.
those things. huh?
Hmm. bit more reliable
than a miracle.
Get some rest.
Get the deuce
and a half ready!
Hey. sir.
Cash.
- Good to see you. partner.
- Good to see you too.
Yeah.
I saw your nurse. sir.
I didn't fare as well.
Yeah.
I guess rank has its privileges.
Yeah. I guess it does.
I heard the men died well. sir.
Yeah.
Yeah. that they did.
You survived.
I guess we can be
grateful for that.
Not sure survival's
all it's cracked up to be. Cash.
They're sending me home.
like you said.
Going to a hospital in Paris
and on that steamer.
What about you?
Do you finally get to go home
to that beautiful wife
and boy of yours?
Yeah.
They're saying there may
be a lot more snow.
Yeah. it sure isn't gonna
make this fight any easier.
Both sides though. right?
I'll see you later. sir.
-Here.
-No. keep it.
He really said
Naval-Army game?
He did.
Everybody in America knows
it's the Army-Navy game.
Americans fighting
for the Nazis.
Dear Jesus. I had never
heard of that before.
Yeah. there were rumblings
about turncoats and spies.
Yeah.
But I was kind of like.
you know. how unlucky
do you really have to be
to run into one of them?
Very unlucky.
Hmm.
But lucky enough
to make it through.
Well. there was
definitely luck.
But without Lassie...
Oh. you think I built...?
No.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
I've worked on
the assembly chain at Galvin.
and I did build the 300s.
but there's no way of knowing
for sure that I built--
Production unit number 5204.
assembly line four.
station seven. batch 52.
Date of issue. 11/5/1943.
And in charge that day...
Rose Caldwell.
You memorized it.
Like my children's birthdays.
ma'am.
That might have been
the sturdiest radio in the war.
Hmm.
That was the goal.
Take a look at this.
Hmm.
Nine thousand.
Thank you. Colonel.
I have been trying to settle
with these folks for years.
For years.
Nothing doing.
-How did you--?
-Well. I just told them
they should do
the right thing by you.
an outstanding worker...
as a matter of principle.
Now that's a load of horseshit.
Well...
I may have told them
that since I'm in charge
of all radio equipment
purchases nationwide
for the United States Army that.
they should heed my request.
lest I look for
another supplier.
Eighty years from now...
everyone will know the history
of what happened in that battle.
But will they understand it?
I hope they do.
Tomorrow. we'll play.
but you have to go to bed. okay?
Okay. all right.
Who loves you. pal?
- Dad.
- That's right.
Go off to bed.
All right.
this time for real now.
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app